Add section about upgrading (#30)
Mogztter/antora-site-generator-lunr: README.md

If you've installed Antora globally using Yarn, you may need to add `"$(yarn global dir)/node_modules"` to the `NODE_PATH` environment variable instead.

Please read the [documentation](https://github.com/Mogztter/antora-lunr#enable-the-search-component-in-the-ui) to enable the search component in your documentation UI.

## Upgrading

When installing this generator globally (i.e., `npm i -g`), it also installs a private copy of Antora (minus the CLI).
Thus, to upgrade the copy of Antora this site generator uses, you need to reinstall this package.
Upgrading Antora alone isn't sufficient.

To upgrade this site generator and Antora, open a terminal and type the following commands:

    $ npm uninstall -g antora-site-generator-lunr @antora/cli @antora/site-generator-default
      npm i -g antora-site-generator-lunr @antora/cli @antora/site-generator-default

> These commands ensure you have the latest version of both the site genernator and Antora regardess of whether you're using this site generator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These commands ensure you have the latest version of both the site generator and Antora regardless of whether you're using this site generator.
```

Reviewer: Is there a rule about "that" in the sentence "These commands ensure that..." or "These commands ensure ...". When should we use it or not use it?

Author: It's a style thing. If you prefer brevity, you can drop it. If you need to fill space, include it. Both ways are equally correct grammatically.
